README.md, before:

# NEI Recipe Handlers
The mod adds an extended recipe handler API for NotEnoughItems.
## Dependencies
If you want to setup a development environment, you'll need the following dependencies:
- [CodeChickenCore-1.7.10-1.0.7.47-dev.jar](http://chickenbones.net/filedownloader/download.html?fn=Q29kZUNoaWNrZW5Db3JlLzEuNy4xMC0xLjAuNy40Ny9Db2RlQ2hpY2tlbkNvcmUtMS43LjEwLTEuMC43LjQ3LWRldi5qYXI=)
- [CodeChickenLib-1.7.10-1.1.3.140-dev.jar](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/codechicken/CodeChickenLib/1.7.10-1.1.3.140/CodeChickenLib-1.7.10-1.1.3.140-dev.jar)
- [NotEnoughItems-1.7.10-1.0.5.120-dev.jar](http://chickenbones.net/filedownloader/download.html?fn=Tm90RW5vdWdoSXRlbXMvMS43LjEwLTEuMC41LjEyMC9Ob3RFbm91Z2hJdGVtcy0xLjcuMTAtMS4wLjUuMTIwLWRldi5qYXI=)
- [fast-classpath-scanner-2.4.2.jar](https://oss.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=releases&g=io.github.lukehutch&a=fast-classpath-scanner&v=2.21&e=jar)

The mod was created with the MinecraftForge version "1.7.10-10.13.4.1614".  
The dependencies were already added to build.gradle - if you're using Gradle for building, you don't need to do anything.
## Download
See [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nei-recipe-handlers/files) or [Github](<https://github.com/CraftedMods/nei-recipe-handlers/releases>).

Commit message:

Added discord link to readme

README.md, after:

# NEI Recipe Handlers
The mod adds an extended recipe handler API for NotEnoughItems.
## Dependencies
If you want to setup a development environment, you'll need the following dependencies:
- [CodeChickenCore-1.7.10-1.0.7.47-dev.jar](http://chickenbones.net/filedownloader/download.html?fn=Q29kZUNoaWNrZW5Db3JlLzEuNy4xMC0xLjAuNy40Ny9Db2RlQ2hpY2tlbkNvcmUtMS43LjEwLTEuMC43LjQ3LWRldi5qYXI=)
- [CodeChickenLib-1.7.10-1.1.3.140-dev.jar](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/codechicken/CodeChickenLib/1.7.10-1.1.3.140/CodeChickenLib-1.7.10-1.1.3.140-dev.jar)
- [NotEnoughItems-1.7.10-1.0.5.120-dev.jar](http://chickenbones.net/filedownloader/download.html?fn=Tm90RW5vdWdoSXRlbXMvMS43LjEwLTEuMC41LjEyMC9Ob3RFbm91Z2hJdGVtcy0xLjcuMTAtMS4wLjUuMTIwLWRldi5qYXI=)
- [fast-classpath-scanner-2.4.2.jar](https://oss.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=releases&g=io.github.lukehutch&a=fast-classpath-scanner&v=2.21&e=jar)

The mod was created with the MinecraftForge version "1.7.10-10.13.4.1614".  
The dependencies were already added to build.gradle - if you're using Gradle for building, you don't need to do anything.
## Announcements
Announcements can be found at the official Discord server: https://discord.gg/37GanUf
## Download
See [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nei-recipe-handlers/files) or [Github](<https://github.com/CraftedMods/nei-recipe-handlers/releases>).
